[('IN2_S1W', en: Secondary incomes are incomes arising from the distribution of income between institutional units via current transfers. In the context of the external accounts, this account records current transfers between residents and non-residents. All institutional sectors except the rest of the world.), ('O_F6', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Reserves, entitlements, and provisions representing liabilities of the insurer, pension fund, or issuer of standardized guarantees, and a corresponding asset of the policyholders or beneficiaries.), ('IN22_S1W', en: Other current transfers excluding personal transfers All institutional sectors except the rest of the world.), ('F4CF4IMFN', en: The net amount of credit and loans received from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), excluding those held in reserve positions.), ('IN2_S13', en: Secondary incomes are incomes arising from the distribution of income between institutional units via current transfers. In the context of the external accounts, this account records current transfers between residents and non-residents. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments.), ('OXEF', en: Other investment, excluding exceptional financing.), ('SG1', en: Financial services for which a direct fee is charged, as well as other financial services provided as part of a broader transaction.), ('SI', en: Telecommunications, computer, and information services), ('O_FL1', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future, including SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, and other accounts receivable/payable.), ('G1', en: The total value of goods traded (exported and imported) recorded in a country's balance of payments.), ('GS', en: Goods are physical, produced objects, over which ownership rights can be established and whose ownership can be transferred from one institutional unit to another by engaging in transactions on markets. Services result from a production activity that changes the conditions of the consuming units, or facilitates the exchange of products or financial assets. Services are not generally separate items over which ownership rights can be established and cannot generally be separated from their production.), ('D74XEF', en: Secondary income excluding exceptional financing), ('SK', en: Personal, cultural, and recreational services), ('SH', en: Payments for the utilization of intellectual property not included elsewhere, such as patents, copyrights, and trademarks.), ('O_FL1_S122', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future, including SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, and other accounts receivable/payable. Financial corporations accepting deposits, except for the central bank.), ('IN2', en: Secondary incomes are incomes arising from the distribution of income between institutional units via current transfers. In the context of the external accounts, this account records current transfers between residents and non-residents.), ('KAXRRI', en: Capital account balance, excluding reserves and related items), ('EO', en: Net errors and omissions), ('IN1', en: Primary incomes are incomes earned by institutional units as a consequence of their involvement in processes of production or ownership of assets that may be needed for purposes of production.), ('D_F5_D43S', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds. Reinvested earnings on FDI (Including IF)), ('O_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('D1', en: Payments to employees for their work, including wages, salaries, and benefits.), ('O_F81_S13_L', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial claims arising from the direct extension of credit by suppliers to buyers for the purchase of goods and services, and advances for work in progress. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments. Original contract stipulates that payment is due in more than one year, or has no stated maturity (referred to as long-term maturity)), ('O_F', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  The total value of financial assets and liabilities.), ('O_F4_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('SJ3', en: Technical, trade-related, and other business services), ('CABXEF', en: Current account balance excluding exceptional financing.), ('SB', en: Maintenance and repair services n.i.e.), ('TCDCA', en: Total current account credit/revenue), ('TCDKA', en: Total capital account credit/revenue), ('G2', en: Net exports of goods under merchanting), ('SL', en: Government-provided goods and services not included in other specific categories.), ('SF', en: Trade balance (exports less imports)), ('SJ2', en: Professional and management consulting services), ('TDBCA', en: Total Debits/Expenditure, Current Account), ('PXEF', en: Portfolio investment, excluding exceptional financing.), ('O_FL1_S13', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future, including SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, and other accounts receivable/payable. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments.), ('TDBKA', en: Total Debits/Expenditure, Capital Account), ('SCA', en: The conveyance of passengers using any form of transportation, including air, sea, rail, and road.), ('SJ', en: Other business services), ('DXEF', en: Direct investment, excluding exceptional financing.), ('P_F3XEF', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Debt securities that exclude those related to exceptional financing arrangements.), ('D752_S1W', en: Personal transfers (current transfers between resident and nonresident households) All institutional sectors except the rest of the world.), ('O_FL1_S121', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future, including SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, and other accounts receivable/payable. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system.), ('D_F_D4P', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  The total value of financial assets and liabilities. Investment income), ('CAB', en: The current account balance is the balance of current transactions (transactions in goods and services, earned income and transfer income) between residents and non-residents. The term current account balance is used in the external accounts and is expressed from the perspective of resident units. The term current external balance is used in the national accounts and is expressed from the perspective of the non-resident units, and therefore with the opposite sign.), ('SG', en: Services provided by the finance sector, including banking, insurance, investment services, and financial advice.), ('KAB', en: The capital account balance reflects the differences in capital transfers receivable and payable between residents and nonresidents and the acquisition and disposal of nonproduced, nonfinancial assets between residents and nonresidents.), ('SJ1', en: Research and development services), ('_T_F_D4P', en: All categories of investment including direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives, employee stock options, reserve assets, and other investments. The total value of financial assets and liabilities. Investment income), ('F12AFA_AFR', en: SDR allocations are reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and allocated to its member countries to supplement existing reserve assets. Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) are international reserve assets that the IMF allocates to its members as a form of supplementary liquidity. These allocations are based on each member country's IMF quota and are intended to provide additional liquidity and support to the global financial system. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('D_F5A', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Equity and investment fund shares/units excluding those acquired through the reinvestment of earnings.), ('O_F_D4P', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  The total value of financial assets and liabilities. Investment income), ('SC3', en: Other modes of transport), ('S', en: Services results from a production activity that changes the conditions of the consuming units, or facilitates the exchange of products or financial assets. Services are not generally separate items over which ownership rights can be established and cannot generally be separated from their production.), ('SE', en: The process of constructing buildings or infrastructure, including both the materials and labor involved.), ('P_F_D4P', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  The total value of financial assets and liabilities. Investment income), ('SPX', en: Other services), ('P_F51XEF', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Equity securities that exclude those related to exceptional financing arrangements.), ('D_FL', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Debt instruments are financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future. Debt instruments consist of SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, pension and related entitlements, provision for calls under standardized guarantees, and other accounts receivable/payable.), ('GSIN1', en: The sum of a country's balance of trade in goods and services plus net income from abroad.), ('O_F4_S121_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('SC21', en: The segment of air transport services specifically focused on carrying passengers.), ('D_F5B', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Equity and investment fund shares/units acquired through the reinvestment of earnings.), ('G', en: Goods are physical, produced objects, over which ownership rights can be established and whose ownership can be transferred from one institutional unit to another by engaging in transactions on markets.), ('SC12', en: Sea transport; freight), ('D_FL1XEF', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Debt instruments that exclude those related to exceptional financing arrangements.), ('SC', en: Transport), ('SK1', en: Services related to the production, distribution, and exhibition of audio and visual content, including film, television, and digital media.), ('SC22', en: The specific segment of air transport services dedicated to the movement of goods and cargo by air.), ('O_F4_S13_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('SC1', en: Sea transport), ('O_FL1_S1Z', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future, including SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, and other accounts receivable/payable. Sectors excluding deposit-taking corporations and general government.), ('SC2', en: The conveyance of passengers, goods, or mail by aircraft.), ('D_F', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  The total value of financial assets and liabilities.), ('TCAKA', en: Total current and capital account balances (credit less debit)), ('SD', en: Travel), ('EO_AFR', en: Net errors and omissions This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('D_F5', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds.), ('O_FL1XEF', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Debt instruments that exclude those related to exceptional financing arrangements.), ('D_F5_D4S', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds. Investment income attributable to shareholders, including income on IF, including RIE), ('TCAKAFA', en: Total current, capital (credit less debit) and financial account balances (assets less liabilities)), ('D_FL_D4Q', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Debt instruments are financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future. Debt instruments consist of SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, pension and related entitlements, provision for calls under standardized guarantees, and other accounts receivable/payable.  Interest and income attributable to policy holders), ('SC13', en: Sea transport; other than passenger and freight), ('D1_FL', en: An investor that makes direct investment in enterprises, having control or significant influence. Debt instruments are financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future. Debt instruments consist of SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, pension and related entitlements, provision for calls under standardized guarantees, and other accounts receivable/payable.), ('SC23', en: Air transport services not directly related to carrying passengers or freight, such as aerial surveying, firefighting, and training flights.), ('D_F5XEF', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Equity and investment fund shares/units that exclude those related to exceptional financing arrangements.), ('P_F5_D4S', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds. Investment income attributable to shareholders, including income on IF, including RIE), ('R_AFR', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_NILFR_S121_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  The net incurrance of liabilities represents the difference between taking on new liabilities less the retirement of liabilities. Country data adjusted using Fund records. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_NILFR_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  The net incurrance of liabilities represents the difference between taking on new liabilities less the retirement of liabilities. Country data adjusted using Fund records. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_TLIMFOTR_S121_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Credit and loans provided by the IMF that are not related to reserve assets. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('D2_FL', en: Enterprises in which direct investment is made by the investor. Debt instruments are financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future. Debt instruments consist of SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, pension and related entitlements, provision for calls under standardized guarantees, and other accounts receivable/payable.), ('F12HFA_AFR', en: SDR Holdings refer to an interest-bearing reserve asset created by the IMF to supplement members’ reserve assets. It is a purely official asset and can only be held and used by members in the SDR department, the IMF, and certain designated official entities. SDR holdings can be exchanged with other members for freely usable currency. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_NILFR_S13_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  The net incurrance of liabilities represents the difference between taking on new liabilities less the retirement of liabilities. Country data adjusted using Fund records. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('D_F5_D42S', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds. Total income distributions, including dividends and withdrawals from quasi-corporations and income distributed to investment fund shareholders, excluding reverse investment.), ('FAB', en: The financial account balance reflects the difference in transactions in financial assets and liabilities in the accounting period. In the external accounts, only transactions between residents and non-residents are included.), ('F_F7', en: Negotiable financial instruments and employee stock options that are linked to other specific financial instruments, indicators, or commodities. Negotiable financial instruments linked to another specific financial instrument, indicator, or commodity, through which specific risks (e.g., interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, equity and commodity price risk, credit risk) can be traded in their own right in financial markets. Financial derivatives excluding those held as reserves and employee stock options.), ('O_F2', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Monetary assets held in the form of currency or in deposit accounts with financial institutions.), ('O_F81', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial claims arising from the direct extension of credit by suppliers to buyers for the purchase of goods and services, and advances for work in progress.), ('O_F4', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest.), ('O_F519', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Equity holdings that do not fall under the main categories of shares or stocks.), ('O_F12_S1N', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund and allocated to its members to supplement existing reserve assets. Refers to entities or data that have not been assigned to any sector classification.), ('O_F2_S121', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Monetary assets held in the form of currency or in deposit accounts with financial institutions. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system.), ('R_F11', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Gold held as a reserve asset.), ('O_F2_S13', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Monetary assets held in the form of currency or in deposit accounts with financial institutions. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments.), ('O_F4_S121', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system.), ('O_F81_S13', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial claims arising from the direct extension of credit by suppliers to buyers for the purchase of goods and services, and advances for work in progress. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments.), ('P_F3', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Tradable financial instruments representing a debt, such as bonds and notes.), ('O_F2_S122', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Monetary assets held in the form of currency or in deposit accounts with financial institutions. Financial corporations accepting deposits, except for the central bank.), ('P_F', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  The total value of financial assets and liabilities.), ('O_F4_S13', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments.), ('O_F4_S122', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. Financial corporations accepting deposits, except for the central bank.), ('P_F3_S121_L', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Tradable financial instruments representing a debt, such as bonds and notes. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system. Original contract stipulates that payment is due in more than one year, or has no stated maturity (referred to as long-term maturity)), ('P_F5_S121', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system.), ('O_F4_S13_S', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments. Original contract stipulates that payment is due in one year or less or payable on demand (referred to as short-term maturity).), ('O_F4_S13_L', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. Central, state, and local governments, including their agencies and departments. Original contract stipulates that payment is due in more than one year, or has no stated maturity (referred to as long-term maturity)), ('P_F3_D41', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Tradable financial instruments representing a debt, such as bonds and notes. The cost of borrowing money, expressed as a percentage of the amount borrowed, paid by the borrower to the lender for the use of the lender's money.), ('O_D41', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  The cost of borrowing money, expressed as a percentage of the amount borrowed, paid by the borrower to the lender for the use of the lender's money.), ('P_F3_S121', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Tradable financial instruments representing a debt, such as bonds and notes. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system.), ('P_F5', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds.), ('O_F81_S1Z', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial claims arising from the direct extension of credit by suppliers to buyers for the purchase of goods and services, and advances for work in progress. Sectors excluding deposit-taking corporations and general government.), ('R_F', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  The total value of financial assets and liabilities.), ('O_F4_S1Z', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. Sectors excluding deposit-taking corporations and general government.), ('P_F3_S1Z', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Tradable financial instruments representing a debt, such as bonds and notes. Sectors excluding deposit-taking corporations and general government.), ('R_FR2', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Reserve assets that include currency, deposits, securities, financial derivatives, and other claims.), ('FK_AFR', en: Reserve position in the IMF is the sum of a member’s reserve tranche position and any indebtedness of the IMF in the General Resources Account (GRA) that is readily available to the member to meet balance of payments financing needs. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('P_F3_S1Z_L', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Tradable financial instruments representing a debt, such as bonds and notes. Sectors excluding deposit-taking corporations and general government. Original contract stipulates that payment is due in more than one year, or has no stated maturity (referred to as long-term maturity)), ('P_F3_S1Z_S', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Tradable financial instruments representing a debt, such as bonds and notes. Sectors excluding deposit-taking corporations and general government. Original contract stipulates that payment is due in one year or less or payable on demand (referred to as short-term maturity).), ('P_F5_S1Z', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds. Sectors excluding deposit-taking corporations and general government.), ('CKAB', en: The combined balance of the current and capital accounts, reflecting the net flow of goods, services, income, and transfers, as well as capital transactions.), ('R_FK', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Reserve position in the IMF is the sum of a member’s reserve tranche position and any indebtedness of the IMF in the General Resources Account (GRA) that is readily available to the member to meet balance of payments financing needs.), ('R_F12', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund and allocated to its members to supplement existing reserve assets.), ('F_D4P', en: The total value of financial assets and liabilities. Investment income), ('RUE', en: Reserves and Related items.), ('FABXRRI', en: Financial account balance, excluding reserves and related items.), ('FAB_AFR', en: The financial account balance reflects the difference in transactions in financial assets and liabilities in the accounting period. In the external accounts, only transactions between residents and non-residents are included. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.)]


indicadores_bop_principais = [
    "CAB", "CABXEF", "KAB", "FAB", "FABXRRI", "EO",
    "SF", "GS", "IN1", "IN2",
    "DXEF", "D_F5", "D_FL",
    "PXEF", "P_F5", "P_F3",
    "O_F4", "O_F2", "O_F81",
    "RUE", "R_F",
]
