[('O_FL1', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future, including SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, and other accounts receivable/payable.), ('O_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_F4_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('P_F5_MV', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds.), ('D_FL', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Debt instruments are financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future. Debt instruments consist of SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, pension and related entitlements, provision for calls under standardized guarantees, and other accounts receivable/payable.), ('O_F4_S121_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('D_F5', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.  Ownership interest in companies (equity) and shares in investment funds.), ('R_AFR', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_F12AFA_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  SDR allocations are reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and allocated to its member countries to supplement existing reserve assets. Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) are international reserve assets that the IMF allocates to its members as a form of supplementary liquidity. These allocations are based on each member country's IMF quota and are intended to provide additional liquidity and support to the global financial system. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_FLAO_S121_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Debt instruments not classified under specific categories like bonds or loans. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('R_F12_AFR', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund and allocated to its members to supplement existing reserve assets. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('D', en: Direct Investment represents cross-border investment associated with a resident in one economy having control or a significant degree of influence on the management of an enterprise that is resident in another economy. Ownership of 10 percent or more of the voting power is evidence of a direct investment relationship.), ('O_F4CF4_S121_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial instruments including loans, credit, and loans with the International Monetary Fund (IMF), excluding those held as reserves. The monetary authority of a country responsible for issuing currency and regulating the banking system. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.), ('P_MV', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.), ('O_FL1_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial instruments that require the payment of principal and/or interest at some point(s) in the future, including SDRs, currency and deposits, debt securities, loans, insurance technical reserves, and other accounts receivable/payable. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_FLAO_AFR', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Debt instruments not classified under specific categories like bonds or loans. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_F81', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Financial claims arising from the direct extension of credit by suppliers to buyers for the purchase of goods and services, and advances for work in progress.), ('R_FR2', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Reserve assets that include currency, deposits, securities, financial derivatives, and other claims.), ('R', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.), ('R_F11_MV', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Gold held as a reserve asset.), ('P_F3_MV', en: Portfolio investment reflects cross-border transactions and positions involving debt or equity securities, other than those included in direct investment or reserve assets.  Tradable financial instruments representing a debt, such as bonds and notes.), ('O_F2_NV', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Monetary assets held in the form of currency or in deposit accounts with financial institutions.), ('NIIP_AFR', en: A financial statement that shows the value of a country's external financial assets and liabilities at a specific point in time. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('O_F4_NV', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Sums of money that are borrowed and expected to be paid back with interest.), ('R_FK_AFR', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Reserve position in the IMF is the sum of a member’s reserve tranche position and any indebtedness of the IMF in the General Resources Account (GRA) that is readily available to the member to meet balance of payments financing needs. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('IIP', en: A financial statement that shows the value of a country's external financial assets or liabilities at a specific point in time.), ('NIIP', en: A financial statement that shows the value of a country's external financial assets and liabilities at a specific point in time.), ('O_F12', en: Other investment represents a residual investment category that includes positions and transactions other than those included in direct investment, portfolio investment, financial derivatives and employee stock options, and reserve assets.  Reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund and allocated to its members to supplement existing reserve assets.), ('R_F12_MV', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund and allocated to its members to supplement existing reserve assets.), ('R_FK_MV', en: External assets that are readily available to and controlled by monetary authorities for meeting balance of payments financing needs, for intervention in exchange markets to affect the currency exchange rate, and for other related purposes (such as maintaining confidence in the currency and the economy, and serving as a basis for foreign borrowing). Reserve assets must be denominated and settled in foreign currency.  Reserve position in the IMF is the sum of a member’s reserve tranche position and any indebtedness of the IMF in the General Resources Account (GRA) that is readily available to the member to meet balance of payments financing needs.), ('TL_AFR', en: The total value of all financial obligations owed by an entity to other entities. These obligations represent claims held by others against the entity and may include loans, debt securities, accounts payable, and other forms of debt. This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.), ('TA_AFR', en: Total assets This indicator has been adjusted using IMF accounting records received from the IMF Finance Department.)]



indicadores_iip_principais = [
    # Headlines
    "NIIP", "TA_AFR", "TL_AFR",
    # Direct Investment
    "D", "D_F5", "D_FL",
    # Portfolio Investment
    "P_MV", "P_F5_MV", "P_F3_MV",
    # Other Investment
    "O_FL1", "O_F4_NV", "O_F2_NV", "O_F81",
    # Reserve Assets
    "R", "R_F11_MV", "R_FK_MV", "R_F12_MV",
    # SDR allocations (passivo, para net de SDR)
    "O_F12",
]
